# A_COFFEE_SHOP_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEM
Coffee Shop Management System is based on a concept to maintain orders and management of a particular coffee shop. There are two sections in this project, they are Coffee Ordering and Admin panel. By using this system, he/she can maintain ordering records of a day. By selecting Coffee Order the system displays a list of Available coffee drinks and the user has to place an order with item quantity. After that, he/she proceeds towards Order confirmation and Payment methods. Almost 80% of the population are coffee lovers. Coffee Shop Management System in C#.NET consists following modules such as; Login Module, Employee Module, Administrator Module. This project is developed in C#.NET using C# language and Microsoft SQL database used. The role of the administrator is to maintain employee information including operations like modifying, deleting, updating the employee records and customer order records in the system.   Coffee Shop Management System is a Desktop-based application developed using C#.NET for front-end design, C#.NET for coding, and SQL for back-end database. Now, talking about the Admin Panel, an admin has full control of the system. He/she can view Total cash transactions of the day, add coffee items, delete items, list instant items, item counter, backup system, preview instant orders. While adding coffee items, the user should fill up the Item's name, item's quantity, item's serial number (without repeating) and price. The system also displays customer's transaction amount for daily records. All the coffee orders of a day can be previewed easily from Instant Order Preview Option from the Admin Panel. Also in Coffee Ordering part there will be a feature where an auto generated bill will show up by calculating all the ordered items including details of every items(like name, quantity and price). Again in ordering part there will be a Inventory management process. Which will be accessed by both admin panel and employee panel. The employees can only entry a value but cannot edit it(like delete or, edit functionality), on other hand the admin is accessible to do any kind of operations including adding, editing and deleting. There will be a list of inventories including its quantity. This management process’s work is to keep track of the inventories of the shop. Through it the owner can get idea when he has to order for new inventories and how much inventory have been used every day. Through that he can get a average idea about his regular need and he can avoid unwanted happenings. 
